README.md, before:

# Truffle Typescript Boilerplate
Build Solidity smart contracts with truffle and typescript support.

## Install 
Click "Use as Template" to create a repo on GitHub based on this repo. Otherwise:  
`git clone git@github.com:DeFiFoFum/truffle-typescript-template.git`   
  
`yarn install`

## Setup
Create a `.env` file based off of `.env.example` to deploy contracts to bsc mainnet/testnet and to verify deployed contracts.  

## Compile
`yarn compile`

## Deploy 

### Mainnet
`yarn migrate:bsc [--reset]` // Use `--reset` to redeploy already deployed contracts   
`yarn verify:bsc`  

### Testnet
`yarn migrate:testnet [--reset]`  
`yarn verify:testnet`  
  
_* new contracts that are added must be added to the verification script in package.json by adding `&&` to the end with the new contract verification._


## Lint
Lint with `solhint`  
`yarn lint` / `yarn lint:fix`    

## Generate Types from Contracts
Use `typechain` to generate contract interfaces for UI integration.  
`yarn gen:types`

Commit message:

doc: Update README with development info

README.md, after:

# Truffle Typescript Boilerplate
Build Solidity smart contracts with truffle and typescript support.

## Install 
Click "Use as Template" to create a repo on GitHub based on this repo. Otherwise:  
`git clone git@github.com:DeFiFoFum/truffle-typescript-template.git`   
  
`yarn install`

## Setup
Create a `.env` file based off of `.env.example` to deploy contracts to bsc mainnet/testnet and to verify deployed contracts.  

## Development
Start a local development blockchain by running the following command:  
`yarn ganache`  
  
Deploy contracts to the development blockchain:  
`yarn migrate:development` 

## Compile
`yarn compile`

## Deploy 

### Mainnet
`yarn migrate:bsc [--reset]` // Use `--reset` to redeploy already deployed contracts   
`yarn verify:bsc`  

### Testnet
`yarn migrate:testnet [--reset]`  
`yarn verify:testnet`  
  
_* new contracts that are created must be added to the verification script in package.json by adding `&&` to the end with the new contract verification._


## Lint
Lint with `solhint`  
`yarn lint` / `yarn lint:fix`    

## Generate Types from Contracts
Use `typechain` to generate contract interfaces for UI integration.  
`yarn gen:types`
